introductions. My name's Natasha and I like reading books. My
name's Georgina and I like
swimming. My name's Alex and I like riding my bike.
My name's Harry and I like singing.
My name's Sophie and I like playing the guitar. I
like playing football. I like playing with my
computer. I like playing outside. I like going to pop
concerts. I like making things. I like
eating ice cream. I like playing the keyboard. I like
playing with my Lego. I like watching TV. I
like inline skating. I like sleeping. I like drawing. I
like reading comics. I like playing
with my friends. I like writing stories. I like listening
to music. I like going to the cinema. I
like telling jokes. I like walking my dog. I like
eating chocolate. I like jogging. I like painting
pictures. I like playing cards. I like phoning my friends.
I like collecting stamps. I like dancing. I
like playing with my rabbit. I like telling stories. I
like dancing in the rain. I like pinching my
brother. I like going to bed late. I like eating
lots of sweets. I like being late for school. I
like
cracking my fingers. I like sleepwalking. I like grinding my
teeth. I like annoying my teacher. I like
being noisy. I like poking my neighbor. I like waggling
my ears. I like teasing the girls. I like
getting dirty. I like getting into trouble. I like screaming.
I like acting the clown. I like eating
snails. I like fishing for compliments. I like staring out
of the window all day. I like watching
TV day and night. I like drumming my fingers on
the desk. I like eating my classmate's sandwiches. I like
driving my parents crazy. I like pulling my sister by
her hair. I like scaring other children. I like
collecting spiders. I like making funny noises. I like sticking
my tongue out. I like flicking paper
cool. This is great dude. Yeah mega great. Really great.
This music's wicked. Yeah mega wicked. Really wicked.
This guy's cool. Yeah mega cool. Really cool. He looks
funky. Yeah mega funky. Really funky.
And he's brainy. Yeah mega brainy. Really brainy. He's my
fav. Yeah mine too. And mine.
Oh I'm bored. Yeah mega bored. Really bored. I know.
Let's go and hang out with the others. Yeah. Come
on. Let's go.
Can you swim? Can you swim? Who? You? Me? Yes.
No. Can you swim? Who? You? Me? Yes. No. I
can.
A riddle. Good morning. Good morning Mr. Parkin. How are
you today?
Fine thanks and you? I'm fine thanks. Right let's start.
Today I've got a riddle for you. It's about
numbers and I already know the answer. I'll write it
on this piece of paper.
Now choose a number between one and nine. Don't say
it aloud it's a secret. Have you all got a
number in your head? Yes. Good. Now add the same
number. Have you got it? Yes.
Now add ten. Have you got it? Yes. Now divide
this by two. Have you got it? Yes. Good. And
now take away
your first secret number. Got it? Yes. And the answer
is...
Numbers. Let's practice numbers today. Sally how old are you?
Eight. Have you got a brother or sister? Yes. A
brother. And how old is your brother?
Eleven. Good. Phil have you got a brother or sister?
Yes. A sister. And how old is your sister?
Seven. And how old is your mum? Thirty-four. Good.
Mary how old is your dad?
Forty-one. Good. Katie how old is your grandma? I
don't know. Sixty?
Okay. And how old is your mum Mary? Twenty-nine.
Good. Terry how old is your mum? Thirty-five.
Good. And how old is your dad Amy? Forty-three.
And my grandma is sixty-nine.
Oh very good. And how old is your grandpa Norman?
Eighty-four. And how old are you?
Um forty-ish. Mother's day.
Hey wake up. It's Mother's day today. What? Leave me
alone. I'm tired.
Oh no. What's the time? Wake up. It's Mother's day
today.
What's the time? I'm so tired. It's seven o'clock.
Let's make breakfast for mum.
Yes. Good idea. Let's make breakfast. I'm too tired. I
want to sleep.
Oh please. Leave me alone. I want to sleep. You
can't. It's Mother's day today. We want to make breakfast
for mum.
Okay okay. And what can we make? I can make
tea. But mum doesn't like tea. I can make coffee.
You can't. Yes I can. No you can't. Yes I
can. No you can't. Yes I can. Yes I can.
Let me show you. Here watch. See?
Nice coffee. What can you make? I can make toast
with butter and honey.
But mum doesn't like honey. I can also make toast
with peanut butter.
But mum doesn't like peanut butter. I can also make
toast with butter and marmalade.
But mum doesn't like marmalade. Stop it. Let's make toast
with butter and jam.
Mum likes jam.
Nice toast. And what can you make? I don't know.
There's coffee and there's toast.
Oh I know. I can make corn flakes with milk.
And I can pick some flowers in the garden. Wait.
Let's put it all on a tray.
Look. Mmm nice flowers. What's the time? It's eight o'clock. Let's go.
Good morning mum. It's Mother's Day today. Here's your breakfast and some flowers. How nice. Breakfast in bed.
I like cold coffee. And I love soggy corn flakes. This toast is yummy. What a wonderful Mother's Day.
Party invitations. Okay. Who can we invite to our party? What about Tony? Oh of course. You fancy him. No I don't. Of course you do. We all know.
Well he's okay. Just okay? Come on. Well he's nice. Just nice? Come on. All right he's cute. Ha. That's better. Well who else? What about Ben?
Oh. Of course. You fancy him. No I don't. Of course you do. We all know. Well he's okay. Just okay. Come on. Well he's nice. Just nice? Come on say it. All right. He's cute. Ha. That's better.
And who else? Well what about Simon? What about Simon? So you fancy Simon? Good to know. Well he's okay. No. He's nice. No. He's cute. Okay. Let's invite him too.
At school. Good morning children. Good morning Miss Miller. Let's sing our song. Good morning. Good morning.
Good morning. Good morning to you. Good morning Miss Miller. And how are you? Good morning. Good morning.
Good morning. Good morning to you. How are you? I'm fine thanks and how are you? Now show me your homework. Good. Yes. Well done. Where's your homework? You haven't got it. Miss. Yes Katie what's the matter? Can I go to the loop please? Yes but be quick.
Now let's open our books at page 5. Miss. Yes Tom what's the matter? Can I go to the loop please? All right then but be quick. Now let's open our books.
Now let's oh dear I'm all alone. I think I'll go home. What's for homework? Do we have any homework for tomorrow? No we don't. Yes we do. No we don't. Yes I am.
I don't know. Let's ask Sylvia. Hello. Hello this is Carol. Is that you Sylvia? Yes it's me. What's up? Do we have any homework for tomorrow? I don't know. Ring Ben and ask him. Okay bye. Bye.
And tell me later. Hello. Hello this is Carol. Is that you Ben? Yes it's me. What's up? Do we have any homework for tomorrow? No we don't. Are you sure? I think so. But ring Mary and ask her. Okay bye. Bye.
Bye and tell me later. Hello. Hello. This is Carol. Is that you Mary? Yes it's me. What's up? Do we have any homework for tomorrow? I think so. And what? I forgot. But you can ring Simon and ask him. Okay bye. Bye.
Bye and tell me later. Hello. Hello. This is Carol. Is that you Simon? Yes it's me. What's up? Do we have any homework for tomorrow? No. It's a holiday tomorrow. And I was asleep. Oh. I'm sorry. Bye.
Oh dear. Now I have to ring Phil and Sylvia and Ben and Mary and Simon again. A dog. Mom. Can I have a dog? A what? A dog. Can I have a dog please? Goodness no. You can't have a dog. Oh come on mom. Please.
No you can't. Why not? It's too noisy. No it isn't. And it's dirty. No it isn't. And it's too expensive. No it isn't. Please. Mom I want a dog. Go ask your dad. Dad. Hmm. Dad. Can I have a dog please? Hooray. I can have a dog.
A dog. Thank you dad. Whoo hoo. Yippee. The Great Animal Quiz Show. Welcome everybody to our Great Animal Quiz Show. We have here with us today two teams of experts who will try to answer some very difficult questions on animals. Here to my left is Team A from London.
And to my right team B from Cardiff. Now for the first question. What is brown has long ears and lays coloured eggs? The Easter Bunny. Correct. One point for the team from London. And here's my next question. Which mouse doesn't like cheese?
The computer mouse. Correct. One point for the team from Cardiff. And which animal is the strongest of all? The snail. It can carry its own house.
Correct. Another point for team B which is now in the lead. Next question. Which bird tells us its name again and again?
The cuckoo. That's correct. Another point for team A. The score is now 2-2. Here's my next question. Which animal is called a pig but isn't a pig?
The guinea pig. Correct again. Team A now takes the lead. And who knows the answer to this? What to a budgie and a bear have in common?
The first letter. That's correct. Another point for team B. And it's three all. Two more questions to come. The first is which animal is small and green can jump and croaks?
It's a frog with a cold. You're right. Excellent. The team from Cardiff is in the lead again.
And now for our last and most difficult question today. What's the difference between an elephant and a flea?
An elephant can have a flea but a flea can't have an elephant. Excellent. The answer is correct. And it's four all. Everybody wins. Team A and team B, you were wonderful. Congratulations.
But before we finish for today, let's ask our audience one more question. Why can't fish talk?
Hmm? Nobody knows the answer? Well, they can't talk because their mouth is full of water all the time. Goodbye everybody.
Upstairs, downstairs. Where's Tim? He's upstairs in his room. What's he doing there?
He's playing on his computer. And where's Sarah? She's upstairs in the bathroom. What's she doing there?
She's putting on makeup. And where's Phil? He's downstairs in the living room. What's he doing there? He's watching TV. And where's Grandpa?
He's upstairs in his bedroom. What's he doing there? He's sleeping. And where's Grandma? She's downstairs in the kitchen. What's she doing there? She's cooking dinner.
I need to talk to you all. Then you need to go upstairs to Tim's room and to Grandpa's bedroom and to the bathroom and then go downstairs to the living room and the kitchen. No, I don't.
Tim, Sarah, Grandpa, come down here please. Grandma, Phil, come here please. I need to talk to you. See? It's easy.
We've got a house. Let's make a chain sentence about this house here.
Let's begin with the words, we've got a house. Then we go round in a circle and everybody adds something. So I say, we've got a house. And then Sue can say, we've got a new house. And then Michael can say, we've got a new house with a garden and so on. All right. Then let's begin.
We've got a house. We've got a new house. We've got a new house with a garden. We've got a new house with a nine garden. We've got a new house with a chimney and a garden. A nice garden. A nice garden. Whole sentence please. We've got a new house with a chimney and a nice garden.
We've got a new house with a black chimney and a nice garden
We've got a new house with a black chimney and three windows and a nice garden
we've got a new house with a big black chimney and three windows and a nice garden
We've got a new white house with a chimney, a big chimney, a big black chimney and three
windows and a nice garden.
The whole sentence altogether please.
We've got a new white house with a big black chimney and three windows and a nice garden.
Very good, last sentence please.
We've got a new white house with a big black chimney and three windows and a nice garden
with a tree.
Very good, let's stop here.
Would you like to live in such a house?
No, I like old houses.
Aha!
And why?
There are ghosts in old houses.
And bats.
A bat is Aina Fladermels.
I like bats.
They are great.
Enough.
Stop it.
Please.
Let's talk about ghosts and bats tomorrow.
Breakfast preparations.
Let's all have breakfast together tomorrow.
A good and healthy breakfast with lots of fresh things.
Who can bring some brown bread?
I can bring some brown bread.
Good.
So Lizzie is bringing some butter.
And who can bring some butter?
I can bring some butter.
Good.
So Lizzie is bringing some butter.
And who can bring some cheese?
I can bring some cheese.
Good.
So Amy is bringing some cheese.
What else do we need?
Honey!
What else?
Chocolate!
Is chocolate very healthy?
No.
All right then.
Let's not bring any chocolate.
But who can bring some apples?
I can bring some apples.
Fine.
Now maybe you, Sarah, can bring some red apples and you, Tony, can bring some green apples.
And who can bring some bananas?
I can bring some bananas.
Good.
So Alex is bringing some bananas.
And who can bring some carrots?
I can bring some carrots.
Very good.
So Sophie is bringing some carrots.
And who can bring some milk?
I think we've got everything now.
Healthy brown bread, healthy fruit, healthy vegetables, healthy milk.
And what about me?
What can I bring?
Oh dear.
I've forgotten you.
Now what can you bring?
Let me think.
I know.
I can bring my grandad.
He's 91 and he's very healthy.
Lunch.
Hello.
Lunch is ready.
Right.
They're sausages, mashed potatoes and carrots.
Sally, pass me your plate please.
I only want sausages.
No mash.
I don't like mash.
What about carrots?
I don't like carrots.
Oh.
Well then, here you are.
Four sausages for you.
Tom, pass me your plate please.
I only want sausages.
No mash.
I don't like mash.
What about carrots?
I don't like carrots.
Oh.
Well then.
Here you are.
Four sausages for you.
And pass me your plate please.
I only want sausages.
No mash.
I don't like mash.
What about carrots?
I don't like carrots.
Oh.
Well then.
Here you are.
Four sausages for you.
And I'll eat all the mash and carrots.
Oh dear.
I'm so full.
I'm still hungry.
Me too.
Well that's too bad.
There are no sausages left.
Mum.
Can I have some mash please?
Can I have some carrots please?
Mum.
Can I have some mash and carrots please?
I'm sorry there's nothing left.
We'll have to wait till supper.
Oh.
Hi.
I'm telling you.
Guessing game.
Let's play a guessing game today.
First let's look at the fruit and vegetables here on the floor.
What's this?
It's a cucumber.
It's a tomato.
What's this?
It's an apple.
It's a banana.
Now let's put this cloth over the fruit and vegetables.
Listen and guess.
What is it?
It's green and long.
It's a cucumber.
Correct.
And what is this?
It's orange and round.
It's an orange.
Correct.
And what is this?
It's blue and round.
It's a cabbage.
No it's smaller.
It's a plum.
Correct.
Now it's your turn.
Sally, you start.
Hmmm.
It's red and long.
Red and long.
Are you sure?
Yes.
It's red and long.
Do you have an idea?
No.
Then tell us, Sally.
It's a banana with a sunburn.
Oh no.
Let's do another one.
Yes, Tim.
Have a go.
It's brown and round.
It's a potato.
No.
It's brown and round and it's not a potato.
Yes.
Do you have an idea?
No.
Then tell us, Tim.
It's an old apple.
Oh no.
Let's do one more.
Yes.
Have a go.
It's yellow with a black stripe.
Yellow with a black stripe.
Yes.
Do you have an idea?
No.
Then tell us.
It's a pineapple with a black belt.
Oh.
That's enough.
Let's stop.
Sick.
Good morning.
Wake up everybody.
It's time for school.
Oh no.
I can't.
I've got a headache in my arms hurt.
You poor thing.
You've got a headache at your arms hurt.
Yes.
And I've got a tummy ache and my feet hurt.
You poor thing.
You've got a tummy ache and your feet hurt.
Yes.
And I've got an ear ache and my back hurts.
You poor thing.
You've got ear ache and your back hurts.
Yes.
And what's wrong with you?
I've got a headache and tummy ache and ear ache and my arms, my feet and my back hurts.
I need a new body.
I need a new body too.
I have an idea.
Let's all go to the body shop and buy new bodies.
Snow.
Let's talk about snow today.
What can you do with snow?
Make snowballs.
Yes.
Good.
What else can you do with snow?
Have a snowball fight.
Bang.
Stop it.
Please.
And sit down.
Now.
What else can you do with snow?
Make a snowman.
Yes.
Good.
And what else?
Make a snow woman.
Ah.
A snow woman.
Yes.
Sure.
And what else can you do with snow?
Make an igloo.
Good.
Make an angel.
An angel?
Yes.
Look.
Oh yes.
Now I understand.
This is how you make an angel in the snow.
More ideas.
I eat snow.
You eat snow.
Yes.
It's like ice cream.
I like it.
Aha.
I like skiing.
Who else like skiing?
And who like sledging?
And you.
What do you do with snow?
I put it in a jar.
You put it in a jar?
Yes.
Look.
I put it in here this morning.
Oh.
Where's my snow?
Aha.
Days of the week.
I'm moody Monday.
I'm tired Tuesday.
I'm wild Wednesday.
I'm Thursday.
I'm thirsty Thursday.
I'm frustrated Friday.
I'm sad Saturday.
I'm sunny Sunday.
Why are you so moody Monday?
Because.
And why are you so tired Tuesday?
And why are you so wild Wednesday?
Because.
And why are you so thirsty Thursday?
And why are you so frustrated Friday?
Because.
And why are you so sad Saturday?
And why are you feeling so sunny Sunday?
Because.
Because because because I want a reason.
Why are you so moody Monday?
It's my friends.
And why are you so tired Tuesday?
It's the weather.
And why are you so wild Wednesday?
It's the moon.
And why are you so thirsty Thursday?
It's the dry air.
And why are you so frustrated Friday?
It's school.
And why are you so sad Saturday?
It's my parents.
And why are you feeling so sunny Sunday?
It's me.
I always feel sunny.
There's nothing like watching TV.
Mum.
Can I watch TV?
No you can't.
But I'm bored.
Go and read a book.
But I don't like reading.
Then go and play with your sister.
But I don't like playing with my sister.
Then go and draw a picture.
But I don't like drawing.
Then go and write to your granny.
But I don't like writing to my granny.
Then go and play the piano.
But I don't like playing the piano.
Then go and do your homework.
But I don't like doing my homework.
Then go and tidy your room.
But I don't like tidying my room.
Well, what do you like?
I like watching TV.
Time for bed.
What's the time?
I don't know.
Let's ask Lizzie.
Lizzie, what's the time?
I don't know.
Let's ask Anne.
Anne, what's the time?
I don't know.
Let's ask Tom.
Tom, what's the time?
I don't know.
Let's ask Mom.
Mom, what's the time?
Sorry.
What's the time, please?
Oh, it's eight o'clock.
Time for bed.
Eight o'clock.
Oh no!
We are not tired yet.
Look, I can still jump.
Look, I can still dance.
Look, I can still run.
Look, I can still hop.
Look, I can still skip.
Can we stay up, please?
All right, half an hour.
Yay!
Nothing fits.
Look, Mom.
I need new trousers and new sweatshirt.
Oh, dear.
You're right.
They are too short.
Let's go shopping.
Hello?
Hello? Can I help you?
Yes, please.
We need new trousers and a new sweatshirt.
Here you are.
The changing room is over there.
Try them on.
Look, Mom.
They are too long.
Oh, dear.
You're right.
They are too long.
Here you are.
Try them on.
Look, Mom.
They are too tight.
Oh, dear.
You're right.
They are too tight.
Here you are.
Try them on.
Look, Mom.
They are too big.
Oh, dear.
You're right.
They are too big.
Here you are.
Try them on.
Look, Mom.
I think they fit.
Yes.
You're right.
They fit.
Let's buy them.
How much are they?
The trousers, 25 pounds.
The sweatshirt, 15.
That's 40 pounds, please.
Here you are.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Look, Mom.
I need new trousers and a new sweatshirt.
Look at that.
I can't find my socks.
Where are my socks?
Ready to go?
No.
I can't find my socks.
Have you seen my socks?
No, I haven't.
Hurry up.
It's time to go.
Have you seen my socks?
What?
I can't find my socks.
Have you seen my socks?
No, I haven't.
What's the matter?
I can't find my socks.
Have you seen my socks?
Yes.
Look, they're under the chair.
Oh, good.
Thank you.
And where are my shoes?
Ready to go now?
No.
I can't find my shoes.
Have you seen my shoes?
No, I haven't.
Hurry up, please.
It's late.
Have you seen my shoes?
What?
I can't find my shoes.
Have you seen my shoes?
No, I haven't.
What's the matter now?
I can't find my shoes.
Have you seen my shoes?
Yes.
Look, they're under the table.
Oh, good.
Thank you.
Are you ready now?
Yes.
We are.
Let's go.
What?
Oh, dear.
Where are my socks?
Where are my shoes?
Have you seen my socks and shoes?
Crazy customers.
Good morning.
Can I help you?
Yes, please.
I'd like a pound of green tomatoes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I haven't got any green tomatoes.
I only have red tomatoes.
But I need green tomatoes.
I'm really sorry.
Try the supermarket opposite.
Thank you.
Bye.
Can I help you?
Yes, please.
I'd like a jar of pickled strawberries.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I haven't got any pickled strawberries.
I only have pickled onions.
But I need pickled strawberries.
I'm really sorry.
Try the supermarket opposite.
Thank you.
Bye.
Can I help you?
Yes, please.
I'd like some salty lemonade.
I'm sorry.
I haven't got any salty lemonade.
I only have sweet lemonade.
But I need salty lemonade.
I'm really sorry.
Try the supermarket opposite.
Thank you.
Bye.
Oh, dear.
All those crazy people.
And I'm not making any money.
I know.
I'll go and work at the supermarket.
All kinds of ghosts.
Would you like to play a new game?
A game about ghosts?
Yes.
All right.
I'm going to blindfold you so you cannot see.
Come here, please.
Now, be very quiet and listen carefully
so you can hear the ghost.
What can you hear?
Paper?
Yes.
Good.
It's the paper ghost.
Listen again.
Which ghost is this?
It's the water ghost.
Very good.
Now, which ghost is this?
Keys.
So which ghost is it?
The key ghost.
Correct.
And listen again.
Which ghost is this?
Glasses.
It's the glass ghost.
Correct.
And which ghost is this?
It's something you can eat,
but you must cook it first.
Rice?
Yes.
So which ghost is it?
The rice ghost.
Right.
And a last one.
Listen again carefully.
It's the toilet ghost.
What a birthday.
It's Katie's birthday today.
We want to sing you a song.
And give you presents.
Happy birthday to you, Katie.
Here's my present.
Oh, a biscuit.
Thank you.
It's Katie's birthday today.
We want to sing you a song.
Thank you.
Oh, dear.
It's old and hard.
Here's my present.
Oh, a doll.
Thank you.
Oh, dear.
It's only got one leg.
Here's my present.
Oh, a car.
Thank you.
Oh, dear.
It's broken.
What a birthday.
Trick or treat?
On Halloween, children in Britain and America play Trick or Treat.
They go from house to house.
They ring the bell and say Trick or Treat.
A treat means sweets or chocolate.
If people don't give them sweets or chocolate,
they play a trick on them.
I've got a bag of flour.
Do you want it on your head?
I've got a tin of bread crumbs.
I've got a bottle of water.
Do you want it on your head?
I've got a box of confetti.
I've got a bottle of tomato sauce.
Do you want it on your head?
Please give us some sweets.
Or give us some chocolate, or give us some chewing gum, or give us some jelly babies,
or give us some money for our class kitty.
Santa Claus.
Tina, Harry, come here quick. I think Santa Claus is coming. I can hear him outside.
I'm coming.
Wait for me.
And me.
Hello, children.
Hello, Santa Claus.
Well, my son. How old are you?
I am eight.
And have you always been good?
Yes, always.
Well, then I've got a little present for you. Here you are.
Thank you, Santa Claus.
And now to you, my girl.
How old are you?
I'm also eight.
And have you always been good?
Yes, always.
Then I've got a little present for you too. Here you are.
Thank you, Santa Claus.
And you, my little one. How old are you?
I'm six, Santa Claus.
And have you always been good?
Well, not always, but I've tried.
Good boy. I've got a big present for you because you've been honest.
Here you are.
Thank you, Santa Claus.
Bye-bye, children.
Bye-bye.
Come back next year.
An activity scene.
It's late.
I'm cold and very tired.
Look, we're here.
Let's get a room.
Yes?
We'd like a room with a bath and a view.
No rooms with a view left.
Yes.
Then we'd like just a room with a bath.
No rooms with a bath left.
Yes.
Then we'd like just a room.
No rooms left.
What now?
Yes?
Please.
I'm so cold and tired.
And she's pregnant.
Alright.
Go to the stable, round the back.
Thank you.
Oh, good.
It's warm here.
Oh, what's that?
It's the baby.
Jesus must be here.
Look, I've got a dummy for him.
Hush, the baby's sleeping.
Casper, you must give him gold.
Not a dummy.
Hush, the baby's sleeping.
Look, I've got a teddy bear for him.
Melchior, you must give him incense.
Not a teddy bear.
Hush, the baby's sleeping.
Look, I've got a rubber duck for him.
But where is little Jesus?
Look what I've got for you.
Oh.
Valentine's Cards
Hey! I've got a Valentine's card!
Listen! On rainy days I think of you.
Outcome the sun and the sky so blue. How soppy!
Listen to my card!
Rosie lips and eyes so blue.
Jessica! I think of you!
How awful!
Hey! I've got a Valentine's card!
Listen! Roses are red.
Bilets are blue.
All my heart is just for you.
How icky!
Hey! I've got a Valentine's card!
Listen!
Dearest Lizzy! Lizzy Mine!
Will you be my Valentine?
That's rather sweet.
Hey! I've got a Valentine's card!
Listen! One, two, I like you.
Three, four, more and more.
Five, six, no more tricks.
Seven, eight, I won't be late.
Nine, and ten, friends again.
That's rather good.
He's a poet.
Who is it?
Let's find him.
Okay, let's go.
Egg and spoon race.
Today, let's play a new game.
It's called an egg and spoon race.
And it's an English game you play at Easter.
Two children always do the race together.
Now, this is the starting line.
And this is the finishing line.
Now, let's start.
Sally and Tony come here, please.
You get a spoon each.
Now, hold them straight like this.
Here are your eggs.
No, don't touch them.
Put your other hand behind your back.
I can do it. I'll win.
Ha! Never.
Let's see. Are you ready?
On the count of three.
One, two, three.
Tony! Tony! Tony! Tony!
All right, Tony's the winner.
Now, the next two, please.
Me! Me! Me! Me! Me! Me!
Ah, Jessica and Michael, please.
I can do it.
I'll win. Never.
On the count of three.
One, two, three.
Jessica! Jessica!
All right, Jessica's the winner.
Now, the last two, please.
Harry and Lizzie, come here.
Take your spoon.
Here are your eggs.
I can do it. I'll win.
Never.
On the count of three.
One, two, three.
That's not fair.
He's got a bigger spoon.
Harry, you cheated, so Lizzie's the winner.
Yay!
On the bus.
The wheels of the bus go round and round.
Round and round, round and round.
All the time.
A driver on the bus goes to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the driver on the bus goes to to to to to to to to All the time.
All the time
The people on the bus, go yuck yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, all the time
The conductor on the bus says tickets please, tickets please, tickets please, the conductor on the bus says tickets please, go the time
The people on the bus say, oh it's gone, oh it's gone, oh it's gone, the people on the bus say, oh it's gone, all the time
The conductor on the bus shouts off you get, off you get, off you get, the conductor on the bus shouts off you get, all the time
The driver on the bus says I'm off home, I'm off home, I'm off home, the driver on the bus says I'm off home, all the time
The conductor on the bus is all alone, all alone, all alone, the conductor on the bus is all alone, all alone
On the bus too
The conductor on the bus says, oh, it's gone, all alone, all alone, all alone, all alone, all alone, all alone, all alone
So
You
Getting ready.
Okay, finished.
Have you got your mask and snorkel?
Oh no, I forgot.
Thanks.
And have you got your pajamas?
Oh no, I forgot.
Thanks.
And have you got your sunglasses?
Oh no, I forgot.
Thanks.
And have you got your toothbrush?
Oh no, I forgot.
Thanks.
Okay, finished.
We're finished Dad.
Okay, let's put your suitcases in the boot.
Now where's your mum's suitcase?
I'm coming.
Here you are.
Okay, everybody.
Jump in the car.
Let's go.
Are you crazy?
What's the matter?
I forgot my suitcase.
Let's go on holiday.
Right, everybody.
Ready to go.
Holiday, here we come.
Hooray!
We're going on holiday.
Spain, here we come.
Shh.
Not so loud.
I have to drive.
Look out the window.
It's lovely.
Yeah, lovely.
Stop.
Stop it.
Ow.
Shh.
Not so loud.
Stop it.
Please.
But it's so boring.
Play a game.
What game?
Count the cars on the other side.
One counts the red cars.
One counts the blue cars.
And one counts the green cars.
I'll take red.
No, I'll take red.
Tom, you take red.
Susan, you take blue.
And Rebecca, you take green.
And you all count to a hundred.
I've got a hundred.
I've got a hundred and ten.
You're a liar.
I'm not.
Yes, you are.
No, I'm not.
Stop it.
I've got a hundred and twenty.
You're a liar.
I'm not.
Yes, you are.
No, I'm not.
Will you stop it?
Children be quiet.
But it's so boring.
Do you want some sandwiches?
Yes, please.
Right.
I've got cheese, egg and mayonnaise,
and cucumber sandwiches.
I want cheese.
Please.
I want cheese as well.
I want egg and mayonnaise.
Please.
Here you are.
I want another one.
Please.
Are we nearly there?
No.
How far to go?
About eight hundred kilometres.
Oh no.
It's so boring.
Play another game.
What game?
Play naughts and crosses.
I've got paper and pencils for you.
Mom, I feel sick.
It must be the mayonnaise.
Stop here, please.
I can't.
It's the motorway.
Mom, I feel very sick.
Quick.
Stop here.
Oh my god.
We'll never get to Spain.
Let's stay here.
It's lovely.
Let's go away.
Hey.
Look.
It's rainy again.
I don't like the rain.
It's too wet.
Let's go away.
It's sunny in Spain.
Let's go to Spain.
No.
I don't like the sun.
It's too hot.
It's nice and foggy in England.
Let's go to England.
No.
I don't like the fog.
It's too scary.
It's very snowy in Switzerland.
Let's go skiing.
No.
I don't like the snow.
It's too cold.
It's windy in France.
Let's go sailing.
No.
I don't like the wind.
It's too nasty.
Hey, look.
It's raining again.
Let's all play outside and have some fun.
Put on your wellies.
Put on your raincoats.
Where's my umbrella?
Come on.
Let's go.
Yeah!